c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt.pdb
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\obj\Debug\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\obj\Debug\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt.pdb
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\DomainClasses.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\SchoolMngt.SQLDB.dll
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\DomainClasses.pdb
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\merce\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\SchoolMngt.SQLDB.pdb
C:\Users\merce\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\merce\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\merce\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt\obj\Debug\CodeFirstMVCSchoolMngt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
